"I'm winning the war of attrition. - WhindGhost8",
"We're dying now. - GossipGoat",
"I'm going AI, leaving discord and unfriending Wookie. - [REDACTED]",
"The consequences of lust are 'blindness of mind, thoughtlessness, inconstancy, rashness, self love, hatred of God, love of this world and abhorrence or despair of a future world.' - Thomas Aquinas",
"'Darkdeath, put your archers on the front line. - Wookie' - Pico",
"Stop gaslighting me. - Everyone",
"Just you. - Turnbullies",
"Recording activated... - Pico",
"Why was I kicked from the Discord? - Cuthbert",
"Fuck Erdogan. - madcowsteak",
"Wookie is FUCKING op. - Pico",
"The turn time just went up. - Geld and Pico",
"The price just went up. - Geld",
"I'd like to announce that whind, wookie, geld, blazier, angus, darkdeath, bobolot & myself are all forming a meta alliance. - Pico",
"!play songs for when darkdeath is tardy. - GossipGoat",
"You retards gonna burn yourselves out on dom5 before I get home on Friday. - Pico",
"I need to take more NAPs, really embrace the NAP meta. - GossipGoat",
"Did somone say meta grudge. - Blazier",
"Caligula is slipping deeper into madness and paranoia. - GossipGoat",
"Huh, hey Angus, do you want to talk a bit in private chat? Because I really don't get where all this hostility is coming from, I thought you just like to rip on people as a joke. - Succundo",
"Aussie 'If the IQ is too low, into the chasm they must go' Gold. - Pico",
"!play naruto lofi. - Wookie, GossipGoat",
"That's toxic. - Anyone on this discord.",
"Looks like I'm destroyed, still haven't got a hang of it to be able to destroy anyone. - Darkdeathnz",
"Darn there goes my name with big dick in it. - Darkdeathnz",
"It wasn't Geld? something like that seems right up his style of play. - Darkdeathnz",
"Yekineyen Parastina Gel is love, Yekineyen Parastina Gel is life. - madcowsteak",
"this is a toxic bot. - GossipGoat",
"Wookie must've had weak parents growing up. - Stabalot",
"I think you need some more quotes. - WhindGhost8",
"Everyone be extra toxic from now to create more quotes for this toxicity bot. - Pico",
"Pico literally can't comprehend why madcow, while literally still being killed by goat, doesn't help goat by suiciding into me - Wookie",
"Just you Wookie 'I'm far from the slowest these days' Warlord - madcowsteak",
"Wookie eyeing you up much like a delicious muffin. -Pico",
This is why geld left us -Pico
I'm never going to rejoin that discord - Geld
You better check the loot system before you decide to play with Goat -madcowsteak
No one is communicating! -Hamor
Look at that thing and tell me you're the good guys with a straight face - Wookie
Wait. I wasn't in my land? My bad homie. I got lost in the snow - Bobolot
did that fucker actually delete his comments so it looks like I'm talking shit to blazier? - Pico
does that preclude the summa theologica from being a theological or philosphical source? - Geld
I enjoyed watching the giants die -Bobolot239
Don't say stupid shit if you don't want me to think you're stupid -madcowsteak
I think we have a new head of diplomacy to replace the snaketongue -Whindghost8
I've had to sacrifice so many children to reach this point -Pico
Hey guys, sorry for taking so long on my turn. I know it's a bit inconsiderate since there are 8 other players in the game waiting. I'll definitely get it in soon though, since I probably can free up a few minutes every now and again. -Wookie
Deleting comments is also toxic - madcowsteak
Ah my fucking mouse is bugging up. Ah fuck! - Hamor
PICO, give me back my legions! - Hamor
A time is coming when men will go mad, and when they see someone who is not mad, they will attack him, saying, 'You are mad; you are not like us'. - Phate
The execution of obstinate and vocal heretics (or heresiarchs) isn't worthy of support because they have divergent ideas or opinions, but because they are murderers of the soul. - Phate
If unrepentant murderers of the body should be executed (which they should), then why should unrepentant murderers of the soul not also be executed? - Phate
The nuance is irrelevant, however significant, is irrelevant, though -- what authority do you have to say that it is wrong to *execute people that had diverging ideas?* - Phate
Kicked -Wookie
madcow would kill us all and you know it -Pico
I respect the fact that madcow would line me up and execute me without a second thought -Pico
Thank god Bobolot's gone -Wookie
