"Harbek should have drank his health potion. - Ubadai",
"Morwenna did nothing wrong. - Morwenna",
"Ia ia Cthulhu ftaghn. - Salazar",
"That was 'Big Dick' Ravenhooves, cavalier extraordinaire. - Simon",
"Talk to mummy. - Ursa",
"*Heat Metal*. - Arjhan"
"I swear, I'm a doctor. - Andrune",
"I may have to go all out, just this once. - Andrune",
"I'm the king of first impressions. - Phos",
"Say 'I don't know where he is' one more time motherfucker. - Viruk",
"Hail Kragan. - Viruk",
"I'm dead. - Rodderick",
"Fuck Andrune in particular. - Zombie Rodderick",
"Ouch, my arm. - Percy",
"I call my dick 'the lance' because it does 1d12 piercing damage. - Ravenhooves",
"Fuck Althas. - Bresan",
"It was all Althas. - Ralnor",
"Uhh, 'Hail Kragan', sure... - Jimothy",
"Is there something wrong with homolust? - Hector and Keenan",
"*literally kills a child*. 'My cousin would be so proud of me.' - Karnak",
"Fuck Bresan. Fuck Runa. - Althas",
"*BANG!* - Runa",
"I'm pretty sure you're a cannibal. - Sigrune",
"I've never seen this man in my life. *Has an extensive relationship with the Black Knight* - Also Andrune - Andrune",
"My wisdom you spurn, your city I burn. - Jacobius",
"Heat Metal is bullshit. - Simon",
"*Insert sounds of artillery barrage here* - Ragnar",
"And I don't trust random wizards with tentacle books that refuse to explain themselves. - Ravenhooves",
"Jimothy needs to die, so I can protect him in the afterlife. - Big Jim",
"You think death is an end to war? - Sigrune",
"Oops. - Imperius Waldo",
"KRINKRAK! - Clan Krinkrak",
I am the DM. I have absolute power. - Simon
I use Holocaust - Wookie
Add your stream to the flow! -Madcowsteak
Yes my girlfriend is literally a succubus, but I can explain. - Ubadai
BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. -Big Jim
Pay. The. Troll. Toll. -Greedy Guts
I can't hear you, I'm having honourable combat. - Flex
Kneecapping a defenseless tied up guy isn't evil right guys? -Ista
Come on, gimme a kiss -Davicks elderly dwarven wife
I want to send a letter -Jamie
I'm happy with a full feline crew. We can be the piraristocats. It would make complete sense if the cats had any ethnostate of their own. -Wookie
I love my players, they are so creative and insightful, running games for them is the most fulfilling part of my life. -Simon
Where's the inquisitor? - Viruk
I can't miss Rodderick if he never stops talking to me. -Viruk
Don't threaten us with a good time. -Everyone on Wookies campaign
This is so fucking stupid, but I can't think of any reason it wouldn't work. -Lachlan
Don't make me go 'ape' shit -Salazar
Lesbomancy solves all problems -Ista
shersheeeeeeerrerererereeeerrr vavavoom sherererererere - The Lawnmower
Good or bad, I'm the girl with a gun -Ista
You are cordially invited to my wedding -Walton Phats
My face is a weapon. - Steven's Navigator
Have you heard about the Grox? -Xander Gants
Is my god literally going to pick me up and use me as a weapon? -Viruk
Let's send Little Jim on a solo mission. -Literally everyone
*Gurgle gurgle* - Jimothy on his solo mission
just let me use the damned perils table on you -Simon
Ooga booga, ooga booga - Ursa
On a bad day I'm a serial apist -Salazar
Ryan is banned from playing psykers. -Simon
Ow, my arse! -Little Jim
I will emergency jump without a navigator, what could go wrong? - Fraser
COCKBISCUITS! -Random aristocrat lady
Get out of the burning building you degenerate morons! -Bresan
Nah, it's Jacobius that was into the nipple chafing - madcowsteak
Let's hide in his bed and pretend to be his dead lover. - Hobbwolf
FLEX AAAAAAH! -The Universe
Stop talking abut Harbek! -Ubadai
Fraser is banned from playing psykers -Simon
I love my players, they are so creative and insightful, running games for them is the most fulfilling part of my life -Simon
Starting the terrorism early this campaign I see - Madcowsteak
The fisting was for knowledge not power. If the latter happens then that is not my intention. - Bobolot239
We can use the kings beard as a rope -Flex
I am yet to fuck anything up thank you. All I am is secretive. And fisting the knowledge anus saved everyone's life so you're welcome. - Bobolot239
Sun's out, guns out! -Bresan
I would rather the cannibal antipaladin who killed my best friend have the key than the literal psychopomp of the god I claim to follow -Viruk
Running games is like herding cats, but the cats are on fire. -Simon
Something something bloody jews something something -AussieGold
Can Ursa change her answer about not being attracted to bears? - Madcowsteak
I'll chase your gorilla ass up a tall building you will surely lose your grip and fall to your death -Jaime
I'll King Kong yo ass -Bobolot239
Fuckin magical anti werewolf sword bro trust me it's legit -Phos
Might be hard to sleep over the sound of George's wife crying for her dead husband. -Simon
Also, as I like to keep pointing out, you're almost two levels ahead of the rest of us because you fisted Cthulu's anus and luckily passed the fort save to not die. -Simon
Perhaps later on we shall progress to e8 from e6. -Simon
Relationship with Amaunator ended; Tiamat is my friend now. -Morwenna
Damn you, Hadarak Fel! - Everyone
He is standing just outside the bridge - Simon
I, AM, KROOT. -Kroot
Did not fuck Runa, she can't handle her booze -Bresan
I think Salazar will win. He can just turn into the rape-ape and crush everyone. -Simon
This insolence will necessitate some deadlier encounters - Ryan
Are we dead yet? Wookie said not yet, Madcowsteak said now we are -Bobolot239
Brandon Sanderson, Cade, Echo, I don't think Fraser has ever played a character who wasn't a professional shit-stirrer. -Simon
Going from Halflings from the shire to 'Ein volk, Ein Shire' in one hour is next level murder hobo. -Simon
If you lose, the Ceaseless Discharge is being rechristianed the Nubile Young Boy -Walton Phats
Let's play Krinkrak Wackerdack - Clan Krinkrak
Oops, I have a demon outside the inn -Cragnus Krinkrak
I challenge the giant statue of myself -Flex
My arrows aren't the only thing that's 30-inches, ladies -Ravenhooves
I think Walton has a good chance of living to retirement. Especially once he melts the witnesses -madcowsteak
When Walton inevitably unleashes the Brown eye upon us all, the sororitas shall use her final breath to remark I told you so -Simon
I would proudly serve on *The Arse* -madcowsteak
I still can't believe you guys named the ship 'Ceaseless Discharge'. And then Ryan somehow mistook that for 'Continuous Ejaculate' -Simon
Just don't let any herbivores eat our drug flowers -madcowsteak
Janelle is actually my right hand in disguise :kissing_heart: -madcowsteak
I want it known that I thoroughly soiled my power armour at my moment of death -Wookie
You did, and Lachlan played your mother. -Simon
war profiteering is always fun -madcowsteak
Naively 'First generation nobles earned their place through being actually noble' -Fraser
Mutually assured destruction brings the best kind of tension to the game -Wookie
It's a long running practical joke that we pretend to accept Simon's claims that 'welsh' or 'wales' actually exists -Wookie
If Steven makes a game set in an anti-magic kingdom I want to play wizard Hitler who leads the uprising against the filthy non-wizards. Wizitler I shall call him -Simon
Who's alignment is 'sucky sucky five dolla'? -Steven
You guys don't visualize Stalin's moustache during sex? I wish he could hold me as firmly as he held back the nazis -Ryan
The dwarves kill all of the hundreds of nobles before you get a chance to act -Simon
Rhea does not adhere to your tyrannical concept of cause and effect -Rhea
Lachlan is most likely to blow up the campaign over a minor grievance with an npc -Ryan
One pound equals twenty shillings equals two hundred and forty pennies equals nine hundred and sixty farthings. One shilling equals twelve pennies equals forty eight farthings. One penny equals four farthings. -Simon
Can I role profession monster hunter? -Tiberius
OwO what's this? -Veshall Tobias
What Olard doesn't know can't hurt him -Cragnus Krinkrak
Oh girls just wanna have fun -Unpaid mercenaries
I would love to be seen as homelander minus the mommy issues. -Jaime
Praise the Sun! -Jacobius
By 'transmitted by vision' I thought you meant he saw it -Fraser
Genocide stopping by testicle popping -Pompo
Whatever happened to Clan Krinkrak? -DM Spartacus
I am Asmodeus, Lord of All -Asmodeus, Lord of All
!play https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
