"I'm winning the war of attrition. - WhindGhost8",
"We're dying now. - GossipGoat",
"I'm going AI, leaving discord and unfriending Wookie. - [REDACTED]",
"The consequences of lust are 'blindness of mind, thoughtlessness, inconstancy, rashness, self love, hatred of God, love of this world and abhorrence or despair of a future world.' - Thomas Aquinas",
"'Darkdeath, put your archers on the front line. - Wookie' - Pico",
"Stop gaslighting me. - Everyone",
"Just you. - Turnbullies",
"Recording activated... - Pico",
"Why was I kicked from the Discord? - Cuthbert",
"Fuck Erdogan. - madcowsteak",
"Wookie is FUCKING op. - Pico",
"The turn time just went up. - Geld and Pico",
"The price just went up. - Geld",
"I'd like to announce that whind, wookie, geld, blazier, angus, darkdeath, bobolot & myself are all forming a meta alliance. - Pico",
"!play songs for when darkdeath is tardy. - GossipGoat",
"You retards gonna burn yourselves out on dom5 before I get home on Friday. - Pico",
"I need to take more NAPs, really embrace the NAP meta. - GossipGoat",
"Did someone say meta grudge. - Blazier",
"Caligula is slipping deeper into madness and paranoia. - GossipGoat",
"Huh, hey Angus, do you want to talk a bit in private chat? Because I really don't get where all this hostility is coming from, I thought you just like to rip on people as a joke. - Succundo",
"Aussie 'If the IQ is too low, into the chasm they must go' Gold. - Pico",
"!play naruto lofi. - Wookie, GossipGoat",
"That's toxic. - Anyone on this discord.",
"Looks like I'm destroyed, still haven't got a hang of it to be able to destroy anyone. - Darkdeathnz",
"Darn there goes my name with big dick in it. - Darkdeathnz",
"It wasn't Geld? something like that seems right up his style of play. - Darkdeathnz",
"Yekineyen Parastina Gel is love, Yekineyen Parastina Gel is life. - madcowsteak",
"this is a toxic bot. - GossipGoat",
"Wookie must've had weak parents growing up. - Stabalot",
"I think you need some more quotes. - WhindGhost8",
"Everyone be extra toxic from now to create more quotes for this toxicity bot. - Pico",
"Pico literally can't comprehend why madcow, while literally still being killed by goat, doesn't help goat by suiciding into me - Wookie",
"Just you Wookie 'I'm far from the slowest these days' Warlord - madcowsteak",
"Wookie eyeing you up much like a delicious muffin. -Pico",
This is why geld left us -Pico
I'm never going to rejoin that discord - Geld
You better check the loot system before you decide to play with Goat -madcowsteak
No one is communicating! -Hamor
Look at that thing and tell me you're the good guys with a straight face - Wookie
Wait. I wasn't in my land? My bad homie. I got lost in the snow - Bobolot
did that fucker actually delete his comments so it looks like I'm talking shit to blazier? - Pico
does that preclude the summa theologica from being a theological or philosphical source? - Geld
I enjoyed watching the giants die -Bobolot239
Don't say stupid shit if you don't want me to think you're stupid -madcowsteak
I think we have a new head of diplomacy to replace the snaketongue -Whindghost8
I've had to sacrifice so many children to reach this point -Pico
Hey guys, sorry for taking so long on my turn. I know it's a bit inconsiderate since there are 8 other players in the game waiting. I'll definitely get it in soon though, since I probably can free up a few minutes every now and again. -Wookie
Deleting comments is also toxic - madcowsteak
Ah my fucking mouse is bugging up. Ah fuck! - Hamor
PICO, give me back my legions! - Hamor
A time is coming when men will go mad, and when they see someone who is not mad, they will attack him, saying, 'You are mad; you are not like us'. - Phate
The execution of obstinate and vocal heretics (or heresiarchs) isn't worthy of support because they have divergent ideas or opinions, but because they are murderers of the soul. - Phate
If unrepentant murderers of the body should be executed (which they should), then why should unrepentant murderers of the soul not also be executed? - Phate
The nuance is irrelevant, however significant, is irrelevant, though -- what authority do you have to say that it is wrong to *execute people that had diverging ideas?* - Phate
Kicked -Wookie
madcow would kill us all and you know it -Pico
I respect the fact that madcow would line me up and execute me without a second thought -Pico
Thank god Bobolot's gone -Wookie
You're right, I could just go AI when the going gets tough, no time required at all. - Wookie
I remember a game that came to a very satisfying conclusion. The djinni prevailed. - Goat
Probably should have mute other on admins only as well so the one kid in the disc doesn't go overboard again. - Angus
Wookies crying now - Angus
AHHHH I CAN'T FARM IN THIS LANE WAHHHHHH - Geld
We've already establish Sugnar the elf slayer is more than competent at killing your summons. - Angus
Goat you missed out on me critting Wookie within an inch of his life. - Angus
goat what have you done - pico
Small and THICK. - Angus
No need to be toxic wookie, this is for real. - Angus
My professor said I was Jacked, Packed and Stacked the other day - the total package! - Geld
Man haven't seen Kargath on since he got Sugnar'd - Angus
will your government give me a pass if I buy shares in coal or something? - Wookie
Whats that? We're celebrating the day Sugnar chopped the elfs head off? - Angus
I wish I had free high level characters - Goat
Ok, we'll do Wookie, Darkdeath, Bobolot vs Pico, Whind, Goat, Angus and Madcow -Wookie
I laughed when I saw the titan get owned in the arena. -Goat
lucky number 1 - pico
I'm just trying to ruin Wookie's game even though I can't be there personally. - Pico
Madcow more like Maddog Woof Woof - Angus
If you drop darkdeath, you become too powerful -Wookie
I will not be dictated to to play filthy elves or something - madcowsteak
Bobolot would simp for wookie anyway. - Angus
Nice meme strat btw - Wookie
Honestly I've picked the players I've picked not because they're currently better, but because I think they have potential and will to be better in the future - Wookie
Y'all are either retarded or wilfully misconstruing me to be toxic -Wookie
The price has gone up - Geld
It's fuckin' OP bro, I would not want to be Wookie or Angus right now. - Pico
Honestly, if I had to choose between [REDACTED] and the bot, I think I'd choose the bot. - [REDACTED]
So you're saying we need a government-mandated forced euthanasia program to cull the unnecessary elements of our society to save the planet? Good idea. - FarscapeCMDR
Did it yesterday, I voted to be allowed to kill myself. :grinning: - Succundo
put that in the bot right now, and attribute it to wookie warlord - pico
I find that extremely toxic, and if you continue I'm going to leave this discord, remove you from steam, not to mention abandon the game. - Wookie
Bobolot, I was joking... ...get over it. - Wookie
Recording saved. - Pico
eamonn the foolish; cross the rubicorn, retard; and never come back - pico
So predictable; Eamonn fucks up once again; How is he so dense? - Wookie
Is soresh? Wasn't thinking you'd be at a mosque big fella - Goat
you cant leave us in pico's skinny neet hands - Geld
You like a BIG SAUSAGE pizza dark death? - Goat
Pico, pico what a jew, the team needed backup. Where were you?, hands on sheckles. Eyes on gear. We all died and you werent here. - Geld
you bunch of fucking NEETs and jobless communists -Pico
You kiked my copyright. Rat Jew. - Goat
Want me to invite pico or do we want to cuck him? - Wookie
eamonn is too autistic to be a spy, pico on the other hand. it's more believable. - [REDACTED]
goat i always believed you to be a bright upright young man and am glad to see this assessment borne out - [REDACTED]
you have memed on eurekan the most by far but at the end of the day he is a dick rider - Goat
Dont worry everyone, Wookie's cucked the game. Dominions is off. - Geld
Give me all of Italy or I'm leaving the game. - Wookie
That dominion game, it was 3 of you that attacked me at once, 1v1 I would of had a good chance of winning, depending on whom it was, wookie, you couldn't even handle 1v1 with Angus so with 1v3, I decided that I was a loss cause and called it so I could focus on being ready for my competition, so yea I gave up, IDC or gaf - DarkdeathNZ
If she thicc, you gotta give her the dicc, OK dark death? - [REDACTED]
Resident Autists: @Deleted User with 30, @Geld with 29 and @Pico with 21. - Goat
It's sleep time, please don't radicalize thedarkdeath - Wookie
How come you hide in offline mode all the time on discord? Got something to hide? - Finetuned
you two are making me need to join antifa - Wookie
eamonn, everyone looks short to your towering 6'4" frame - Goat
You've crossed the rubiCORN now - Geld
.... Wookie, trying to cuck us again with a gun-ho act? - DarkdeathNZ
Dude i will annex goat, I just need your elves to stab him in the back for me. Whind and I will cuck angus afterwards. - Wookie
What the fuck listen to this this cooked cunts breathing. Literally puffed at his desk. - Geld
It's not a concern about the tone of the game it's just that he is an unpleasant person to interact with. From speaking entirely in racist dogwhistles to just being plain toxic, he would ruin my enjoyment of the campaign. - [REDACTED]
@Wookie no telling pico about this discord thanks - Geld
@Wookie You'll get the thicky, whether or not the sticky comes is just something you'll have to swallow. - Geld
Geld no where to be seen, crying in the toilets after being BTFO by wookie chadlord. - Jackson
!play music for when eamonn is being a punk ass bitch - Goat
Whind has obviously been pretty useless as an ally - Wookie
I think he only likes to pick on the poor little weak boys cause then he can feel great about himself instead of testing his true strength properly against stronger/same size boys - Darkdeath
@Jariid Take off your helmet while in space IRL - Geld
[Wookie], hope your plane crashes - Pico
A coom before bed, soothes the aches in your head - Geld
Angus is a good substitute for aussie, Less toxic - Wookie
Hey @Wookie who are you finna play? Ragha/ashdod/abysia/any other bullshit meta nations??? - Goat
pico no metagrudges. We're best friends next game probably. No delicia. - Wookie
being mischaracterized pushes my buttons and you all know it - Wookie
yeah I go forward in time and see what makes aussie screetch more austistically, then pick that. I hate aussie. - Wookie
only geld is autistic enough to let it ruin friendships. What happens in dominions stays in dominions. - Pico
I'll let yas know if I can play from a laptop like WoOkIE but in a less pathetic way - Adorius
<@!454193603221258242> ur fucked in the heed m8 -Deleted User
Kick me from the server again then bitch - Adorius
@ everyone You think im going to @ people individually, time is money and i dont waste money on pussies like you. - Geld
My name is Wookie. I am a baiter. See you at the bombsite. A little bit later. - Wookie
i find it funny [REDACTED] name means deprive of vitality or vigour. - [REDACTED]
wookie is running away with this game because of his cuck enablers -Pico
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull looked on at the determined young Asian-Australian man, taking particular note of his large muscles and lack of discernable body fat. He watched him push on, and boldly declared to the various news crews nearby now THAT is true grit - Goat
MY EYES! - Caligula
I don't like the Geld quotes. I hoped him ragequitting discord would stop me having to see his shit. - madcow
we really need geld back - Pico
at least we have a new wormtongue even without eamonn here - Pico
If I ever think to do what I think Geld would think to do, I think not to do the thing that I thought I was going to do. - Wookie
Simon is the greatest gm the world has ever known. Everyone else sucks balls compared to him. - Simon
Just saw some dogshit on the sidewalk and thought of you. - Geld
You don't just go ai like goat or aussie - Wookie
Classic <@215741514691641344> going AI prematurely, I HATE people who do that - Goat
