"Harbek should have drank his health potion. - Ubadai",
"Morwenna did nothing wrong. - Morwenna",
"Ia ia Cthulhu ftaghn. - Salazar",
"That was 'Big Dick' Ravenhooves, cavalier extraordinaire. - Simon",
"Talk to mummy. - Ursa",
"*Heat Metal*. - Arjhan"
"I swear, I'm a doctor. - Andrune",
"I may have to go all out, just this once. - Andrune",
"I'm the king of first impressions. - Phos",
"Say 'I don't know where he is' one more time motherfucker. - Viruk",
"Hail Kragan. - Viruk",
"I'm dead. - Rodderick",
"Fuck Andrune in particular. - Zombie Rodderick",
"Ouch, my arm. - Percy",
"I call my dick 'the lance' because it does 1d12 piercing damage. - Ravenhooves",
"Fuck Althas. - Bresan",
"It was all Althas. - Ralnor",
"Uhh, 'Hail Kragan', sure... - Jimothy",
"Is there something wrong with homolust? - Hector and Keenan",
"*literally kills a child*. 'My cousin would be so proud of me.' - Karnak",
"Fuck Bresan. Fuck Runa. - Althas",
"*BANG!* - Runa",
"I'm pretty sure you're a cannibal. - Sigrune",
"I've never seen this man in my life. *Has an extensive relationship with the Black Knight* - Also Andrune - Andrune",
"My wisdom you spurn, your city I burn. - Jacobius",
"Heat Metal is bullshit. - Simon",
"*Insert sounds of artillery barrage here* - Ragnar",
"And I don't trust random wizards with tentacle books that refuse to explain themselves. - Ravenhooves",
"Jimothy needs to die, so I can protect him in the afterlife. - Big Jim",
"You think death is an end to war? - Sigrune",
"Oops. - Imperius Waldo",
"KRINKRAK! - Clan Krinkrak",
I am the DM. I have absolute power. - Simon
I use Holocaust - Wookie
Add your stream to the flow! -Madcowsteak
Yes my girlfriend is literally a succubus, but I can explain. - Ubadai
BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. -Big Jim
Pay. The. Troll. Toll. -Greedy Guts
I can't hear you, I'm having honourable combat. - Flex
Kneecapping a defenseless tied up guy isn't evil right guys? -Ista
Come on, gimme a kiss -Davicks elderly dwarven wife
I want to send a letter -Jamie
I'm happy with a full feline crew. We can be the piraristocats. It would make complete sense if the cats had any ethnostate of their own. -Wookie
I love my players, they are so creative and insightful, running games for them is the most fulfilling part of my life. -Simon
Where's the inquisitor? - Viruk
I can't miss Rodderick if he never stops talking to me. -Viruk
Don't threaten us with a good time. -Everyone on Wookies campaign
This is so fucking stupid, but I can't think of any reason it wouldn't work. -Lachlan
Don't make me go 'ape' shit -Salazar
Lesbomancy solves all problems -Ista
Good or bad, I'm the girl with a gun -Ista
You are cordially invited to my wedding -Walton Phats
My face is a weapon. - Steven's Navigator
Have you heard about the Grox? -Xander Gants
Is my god literally going to pick me up and use me as a weapon? -Viruk
Let's send Little Jim on a solo mission. -Literally everyone
*Gurgle gurgle* - Jimothy on his solo mission
just let me use the damned perils table on you -Simon
Ooga booga, ooga booga - Ursa
On a bad day I'm a serial apist -Salazar
Ryan is banned from playing psykers. -Simon
Ow, my arse! -Little Jim
I will emergency jump without a navigator, what could go wrong? - Fraser
COCKBISCUITS! -Random aristocrat lady
Get out of the burning building you degenerate morons! -Bresan
Nah, it's Jacobius that was into the nipple chafing - madcowsteak
Let's hide in his bed and pretend to be his dead lover. - Hobbwolf
FLEX AAAAAAH! -The Universe
Stop talking abut Harbek! -Ubadai
Fraser is banned from playing psykers -Simon
I love my players, they are so creative and insightful, running games for them is the most fulfilling part of my life -Simon
Starting the terrorism early this campaign I see - Madcowsteak
The fisting was for knowledge not power. If the latter happens then that is not my intention. - Bobolot239
We can use the kings beard as a rope -Flex
I am yet to fuck anything up thank you. All I am is secretive. And fisting the knowledge anus saved everyone's life so you're welcome. - Bobolot239
Sun's out, guns out! -Bresan
I would rather the cannibal antipaladin who killed my best friend have the key than the literal psychopomp of the god I claim to follow -Viruk
Running games is like herding cats, but the cats are on fire. -Simon
Something something bloody jews something something -AussieGold
Can Ursa change her answer about not being attracted to bears? - Madcowsteak
I'll chase your gorilla ass up a tall building you will surely lose your grip and fall to your death -Jaime
I'll King Kong yo ass -Bobolot239
Fuckin magical anti werewolf sword bro trust me it's legit -Phos
Might be hard to sleep over the sound of George's wife crying for her dead husband. -Simon
Also, as I like to keep pointing out, you're almost two levels ahead of the rest of us because you fisted Cthulu's anus and luckily passed the fort save to not die. -Simon
Perhaps later on we shall progress to e8 from e6. -Simon
Relationship with Amaunator ended; Tiamat is my friend now. -Morwenna
Damn you, Hadarak Fel! - Everyone
He is standing just outside the bridge - Simon
I, AM, KROOT. -Kroot
Did not fuck Runa, she can't handle her booze -Bresan
I think Salazar will win. He can just turn into the rape-ape and crush everyone. -Simon
This insolence will necessitate some deadlier encounters - Ryan
Are we dead yet? Wookie said not yet, Madcowsteak said now we are -Bobolot239
Brandon Sanderson, Cade, Echo, I don't think Fraser has ever played a character who wasn't a professional shit-stirrer. -Simon
Going from Halflings from the shire to 'Ein volk, Ein Shire' in one hour is next level murder hobo. -Simon
If you lose, the Ceaseless Discharge is being rechristianed the Nubile Young Boy -Walton Phats
Let's play Krinkrak Wackerdack - Clan Krinkrak
Oops, I have a demon outside the inn -Cragnus Krinkrak
I challenge the giant statue of myself -Flex
My arrows aren't the only thing that's 30-inches, ladies -Ravenhooves
I think Walton has a good chance of living to retirement. Especially once he melts the witnesses -madcowsteak
When Walton inevitably unleashes the Brown eye upon us all, the sororitas shall use her final breath to remark I told you so -Simon
I would proudly serve on *The Arse* -madcowsteak
I still can't believe you guys named the ship 'Ceaseless Discharge'. And then Ryan somehow mistook that for 'Continuous Ejaculate' -Simon
Just don't let any herbivores eat our drug flowers -madcowsteak
Janelle is actually my right hand in disguise :kissing_heart: -madcowsteak
I want it known that I thoroughly soiled my power armour at my moment of death -Wookie
You did, and Lachlan played your mother. -Simon
war profiteering is always fun -madcowsteak
Naively 'First generation nobles earned their place through being actually noble' -Fraser
Mutually assured destruction brings the best kind of tension to the game -Wookie
It's a long running practical joke that we pretend to accept Simon's claims that 'welsh' or 'wales' actually exists -Wookie
If Steven makes a game set in an anti-magic kingdom I want to play wizard Hitler who leads the uprising against the filthy non-wizards. Wizitler I shall call him -Simon
Who's alignment is 'sucky sucky five dolla'? -Steven
You guys don't visualize Stalin's moustache during sex? I wish he could hold me as firmly as he held back the nazis -Ryan
The dwarves kill all of the hundreds of nobles before you get a chance to act -Simon
Rhea does not adhere to your tyrannical concept of cause and effect -Rhea
Lachlan is most likely to blow up the campaign over a minor grievance with an npc -Ryan
One pound equals twenty shillings equals two hundred and forty pennies equals nine hundred and sixty farthings. One shilling equals twelve pennies equals forty eight farthings. One penny equals four farthings. -Simon
Can I role profession monster hunter? -Tiberius
OwO what's this? -Veshall Tobias
What Olard doesn't know can't hurt him -Cragnus Krinkrak
Oh girls just wanna have fun -Unpaid mercenaries
I would love to be seen as homelander minus the mommy issues. -Jaime
Praise the Sun! -Jacobius
By 'transmitted by vision' I thought you meant he saw it -Fraser
Genocide stopping by testicle popping -Pompo
Whatever happened to Clan Krinkrak? -DM Spartacus
I am Asmodeus, Lord of All -Asmodeus, Lord of All
!play https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
A god of battle and war, as well as bravery and glory in general. He is the patron of warriors and soldiers, generals and leaders. While typically a god of men he acknowledged and rewards all who show heroism. -Simon
'Sigrune seems to jump to conclusions', moments before Sigrune's conclusion was proven right
I told you so -Sigrune
Oh, the others! Yes, if you wish you may use your tongue. -Viruk
Phos get's a thousand yard stare as suicide is painless plays in the background -The Narrator
If Sigrune's foot fits the shoe, she did the coup. - Ryan
But I'll be damned if one of them bird fuckers sets foot in my town. - Fraser
If you post any more vulture penis I'll take away your posting powers. - Simon
take your vulture wang -Wookie
He didn't even get through 1 session before becoming a meme. - Simon
I think a little deformed imp *could* be a great, serious character. - madcowsteak
Have no fear! Fungo the foot-high wizard is here! - Fungo
Maybe he's worried that a tiny mischievous wizard doesn't quite bring the gravitas that's expected to the last battle. - Wookie
Losing Viruk did to Jamie what losing Roderick did to Viruk. - madcowsteak
This is beginning to stretch my patience. - The DM
You trying to trick us Ryan, you are the ostrich aren't you? - Jamie
I put the kibosh on a vulture-man so I'm also going to say a big fat no to brain-sucking tentacle-face men. - Simon
Also I reject the idea that Viruk hasn't already catapulted himself past the point of no return. - madcowsteak
I might as well state the obvious and say that we need to consider that Phos probably turned coat at the first opportunity. - madcowsteak
The only way to force him to consider a peaceful path is to take away some his power, otherwise he's more likely to try and kill us all. - Wookie
It's too far gone for 'it's just a prank bro' - madcowsteak
Well if you prefer to be put to the sword by Viruk and his goons, you can hold tight to your coins @Bobolot - Wookie
Jimothy is getting over funding absolutely everything. - Bobolot
I think I've extracted the information I need from you at this stage. - The DM
I am Sigrune Soulharvest, Valkyrie of Kragan. I come bearing information about the criminal Viruk Aybara. - Sigrune
*By writ of Grand Master Peter Garand of the order of the Silver Lance, Viruk Aybara is wanted for questioning in relation to the massacre.* - The Letter
He may show up before I do, but he *shouldn't* bring an army before I do. - Andrune
I don't realistically see Andrune needing more than maybe 700 gold in total. - Bobolot the frugal
I can't guarantee tight fiscal policy, but I really want to be able to guarantee results. - Wookie
We're adventurers, aren't we expected to recover long lost hoards? - madcowsteak
I'll prepare for a siege anyway, fuck it. - Wookie
I think you'll need to improvise at that point because it likely means Jimothy and Sigrune are dead or captured. - madcowsteak
Viruk thought he was saving the world, when really he couldn't even save himself. - Simon
Perhaps Viruk really is the chosen one, because wherever he goes he brings death to the people there. - Simon
One last thing, Jimothy. If I should die... *Andrune bends over and whispers in his ear*. - Andrune
If all else fails... *Sigrune mimes swinging her axe*. - Sigrune
We mostly hold our instructions on Kragan's teachings during battle practice. Where better to learn? These men are training to fight, not preach. - Leon
What I'm about to tell you is very serious and I need you to listen carefully. - Jimothy
Viruk has lost his senses. Now bear with me and I'll explain why. - Jimothy
*You're telling me Rodderick's dead? And Big Jim too?* - Leon
That didn't go too well. We must be ready to enact plan B if the rest of them object. Remember Andrune is counting on us to secure this castle. - Sigrune
if my cousin murdered those men and women, he will make recompense for it. But I want to hear it from him. - Richmond
She'll wait for any sign of them all this day and the next, if that fails it's desperate murdering time. - madcowsteak
Who the hell was that dwarf, why can she do that, and where the fuck is she going? - Lucas the Whitecloak
Karnak was always the favourite child, and I don't think Viruk ever got over that. - Carrick
Why have Jimothy and yourself failed to bring the Whitecloaks in line? - Andrune
far as I'm concerned you're just a jumped up dwarf with a silly helmet. Now why don't you just buzz off somewhere else and leave us in peace! - Hogan the Whitecloak
I had an idea.... We could try Runa the cousins. - Bobolot
I would say 'leave my crypt alone, bitch', but it's an open secret that the dead were moved outside the castle. - Wookie
Well you try turning a castle full of cultists to your side. - Bobolot
We are big dick players, we can do it, no need to panic. - madcowsteak
I mean we're level 6. If the wizard can't be taken out we are likely to have a bad time. - Bobolot
You have to be able to callously sacrifice pieces on the board if you're going to succeed in treason. - Andrune
Three key objectives: Secure the rear entrance, bonk the wizard, seize the main gate. - Wookie
I do like gravy. - Bobolot239
There, now we're all lynch pins. - madcowsteak
Knowing Fraser, he could have five [backup characters] by the end of the week. - Simon
But it's all just gone tits up. - Bobolot
Otherwise it's looking like Imperius Waldo, whose goals would be an enigma even to himself. - madcowsteak
Maybe jimothy's retirement will be him hunting Viruk down for the rest of his life. - Bobolot
So, when the attack is about to begin, where will everyone be? - The DM
Fake praying isn't the worst thing that's happened in my crypt. - Andrune
Oh, hello, Jim. - The unsuspecting Leon
Well that went smoother than expected. - Jimothy
You were supposed to meet us there! We waited a whole day for you. - Harald the Whitecloak
As soon as it looks a tiny bit iffy you flip out! Andrune and Sigrune, typical greedy dwarves and elves... but you, Jimothy? You're one of us! A human and a whitecloak. How could you betray us like this? - Harald the Whitecloak
WTF. You gotta chill with the saps. - Wookie
Zealots need something strong to leech onto; they are barnacles on the rock of Viruk that need something new and equally as potent to cling to. - Andrune
There is no better solution than a clean one. And there is no looser end in the world than Viruk. - Andrune
We have the castle, the money, and the men. Now that we are not under the thumb of Viruk, there is no need to compromise with his insanity. - Andrune
Now we just have to survive. - Jimothy
I took inspiration from history, and by history I mean Crusader Kings. - Ryan
I mean his goals involved giving people money and we had to somehow separate people's loyalty without getting murdered. We had the harder job. - Bobolot239
I would have been more inclined to let them talk to Viruk if Phos wasn't with them, that guy can convince NPCs of anything. - madcowsteak
I HATE GASLIGHTING. - Ryan
I mean the damage is done viruk has sworn unholy vengeance and a zombie cousin won't fix it -Bobolot
It was Phos that said the mercenary thing, and I would rather just ignore him and occasionally fart in his direction -madcowsteak
You'll survive Jimothy. Remember, I made a promise to Big Jim -Sigrune
I'll tell you the truth from my own arse! *fart* -Sigrune
Normal men do not bounce between patron deities like Rogan bounces between whores. -Andrune
School of Wood, no jokes allowed. - Jamie
