Arina: (Air, Animal, Travel, Weather). A healthy and vital woman with a quarterstaff and a feather in her short hair. Quick-witted, sharp-minded, and fleet of foot, she wanders from place to place, bestowing fair weather and good deals on those who invoke her. Priests of this god typically call no place a permanent home, nor do they build large, centralised places of worship, instead favouring way-shrines, and lightweight, portable altars. Often serves as a mediator in disputes be-tween the gods. In her position as mediator she represents very disparate and often di-ametrically opposed groups, such as being the goddess of both merchants and thieves. A good-natured individual yet she freely lies, cheats, and steals. She is considered to be a bit of a lovable rogue, and rarely does she hurt people just for the sake of it.

Coethen: (). The wild god of untamed nature. He is a voluntary outcast among the other deities, refusing to associate with them. His realm is that of the deep forest, the untamed wilderness, and anywhere that civilisation does not touch. Coethen loves animals more than people. The priesthood of this god must live as close to nature as possible. These priests are typically known as druids.

Gwefur: (Artifice, Community, Plant, Protection, Strength). The god of hard work and toil in general. While he is believed to empower all those who work hard, it is believed he is particular fond of farmers, gardeners, and those who work the land. His priesthood is exclusively male, and holds that men alone can truly understand the nature of masculinity, sacrifice, and hard work.

Kragan: (Glory [Heroism], Strength [Competition, Ferocity], War [Blood, Duels, Tactics]). A god of battle and war, as well as bravery and glory in general. He is the patron of warriors and soldiers, generals and leaders. While typically a god of men he acknowledged and rewards all who show heroism. Priests of this god are expected to study martial pursuits, and must be involved in (and survive) one life-or-death fight before being designated full priests.

Netharys: (Artifice, Knowledge, Madness, Magic). Depicted as a wizened old man with a book or scroll in his hand. He suffers not arrogant fools who think themselves wise, but he eagerly shares his knowledge with those willing to learn and particularly enjoys teaching children that are eager to acquire knowledge. Arguably some of the most intelligent people in the land, the priests of this god are sought out as advisors and educators.

Ordex: (Law [Judgement, legislation], Strength [resolve], War [Duels]). A neutral god, showing neither privilege nor prejudice to anyone, not to the most devoted follower nor the worst blasphemer. Those seeking justice against the guilty, or revenge in general, pray to him for guidance and strength, for he is said to empower those whose cause is righteous enough. He is also taken to be the god of laws, deal-making, and pacts. Priests of this god are sometimes employed as judges, mediators, and legal professionals, though their trademark impartiality and callousness leaves many unsatisfied with their ‘assistance’.

Shaela: (Charm, Community, Protection). Goddess of women in general, but more specifically mothers. She is also the goddess of children. The priesthood of this goddess is exclusively female, and they are often employed as midwives, nurses, nannies, and the like.

Solaria: (Sun, Protection, Fire). Goddess of the sun, as well as light in general. Symbolised in torches, candles, braziers and the like. Like the god of fire, she is also considered to be a god of purity, with purifying sunlight burning away the contaminated and unclean, leaving only the pure and righteous.

Terag: (). God of the earth itself; the strong, immovable mountains, the rolling hills, and all things within the earth; the caves, rocks, metals, and more. He is said to send earthquakes upon those who particularly displease him, which is very few as it takes a lot to anger this calm and implacable god. Husband to the weather goddess, Tessera, he is the calm and immovable counterpart to her tumultuous and turbulent nature.

Taurek: (Animal). Typically depicted as bull, horse, centaur, minotaur, some other sort of beast-man hybrid, or occasionally just a large, muscular man. He is the god of strong and vital males. Invoked by men who wish to have healthy children, or those who desire sexual prowess and endowment. Many of the tales regarding him depict him engaged in sex with mortal women, often in one of his various animalistic forms. This has resulted in uncommon rituals which include men consuming the testicles of strong animals to gain his potency, or women engaging in sexual acts with animals to revere him as part of fertility rituals. The worship of this god is controversial at the best of times, given his brutal, untamed nature and unconventional religious ceremonies. Some places outright ban the worship of this god. He is said to be the father of the minotaur race.


Tessera: (Air, Chaos, Water, Weather). Goddess of the weather and seasons, but also the oceans and rivers and lakes, and wife to the god of the earth. Quick to anger she brings terrible storms and foul weather upon those who anger her, but just as quick to grant pleasant weather to those who please her. Wife to the god of the earth, his calm nature complements her ever changing one.

Vobe: (Chaos, Charm) Vobe is typically depicted as either a slightly overweight, jovial man, or as a young, physically fit, attractive man. Either way he is typically presented with a goblet in hand and a smile on his face. He commands his followers to eat, drink, and be merry. He requires no ongoing worship or temples or priests, and is quite content with living vicariously through the partying the mortals of the world. Priests of his are little more than professional debauchers and adulterers, drunkards and addicts, degenerates who make a living by procuring the most outrageous, unseemly, and even illegal entertainment for those willing to pay while justifying their actions with their god’s approval. This is actually not too difficult to believe, as there are few pleasures this god would not approve of.

Vortan: (Artifice, Chaos, Destruction, Fire, Madness, Strength). The angry god who embodies fire itself. He is a furious and unstoppable force of rage and destruction, able and willing to lay waste to whole villages, forests, and even cities when the desire strikes him, but he also warms homes, cooks food, lights the dark, and holds back beasts. He is also considered to be a god of purity, as flames burn away the contaminated and unholy, leaving the pure behind. Arguably the most temperamental of the gods; those who acknowledge him are careful not to anger him. He is also the god of blacksmiths, including weapon-smiths and armourers. His flesh has darkened from the caked on charcoal dust and his fingers singed with the heat of the flames. The weapons and armour he forges are of the highest quality, able to deliver devastating wounds or turn aside the worst blow respectively.

Falwen: (Fertility, beauty, love and sexual desire, Charm) The goddess of beauty and female fertility. A gorgeously beautiful, voluptuous woman. Cults devoted to her tend to focus on one of her various aspects, with some focussing on her as a fertile maiden ready to bear children, some on the purer aesthetics of her beauty and the beauty of art, some to love, and some devoted to erotic instruction. While not exclusively female, the priesthood is overwhelmingly dominated by women.The interpretation of this goddess varies greatly from place to place. She is often derided by more conservative individuals as “the goddess of whores, sluts, adulterers, and those of low virtue”. Many temples of her seek to rise above this reputation by prohibiting extramarital relations by their clerics and members, choosing to emphasise the aspect of monogamous devotion or pure love, rather than lust.

Marache: (). Travel, the sky, Rainbows, and messengers

Serana: (Luck, Trickery, Chaos) A young woman with a coin in her hand, to whom all those that wish good luck make prayer. A favourite deity among gamblers, as well as anyone desiring good luck. The priests of this goddess are some of the finest and luckiest gamblers that exist, which is why most refuse to play with them.

Luna: (Charm, Darkness, Void). The lady in the moon, the silver-haired goddess who paints the silvery tapestry of the night sky and splits the darkness of night with her light. She also promotes friendship and love, for little is worse than persistent loneliness. Luna is something of a trickster. She is associated with lovers, thieves, assassins, and all others who work mainly by moonlight. Insomniacs and night owls also learn to love the lady of the moons.

Morgaeth: (Death, Repose). Morgaeth is the god of the dead and the underworld. His servants take many forms, the best known of which is a tall, hooded skeleton bearing a scythe. These servants bring the souls of the dead to the river [Styx], Morgaeth is not the god the afterlife, he is merely the ferryman, he who takes souls to the afterlife, and on occasion brings them back. His realm is that of the river [Styx], the great river one must sail down to reach the afterlife. At any moment there are hundreds of souls making their way down the river, each in their own little boat. Some of these souls cling to life so strongly they jump overboard and attempt to swim to shore. These individuals may drown in the river, where their soul will fester and rot until they rise again as a wraith or spectres. Those who make it to the shore will typically become ghosts – incorporeal beings driven mad with fear and hate who haunt and terrorise the living.

Fagan: (Strength). The god of cannibalism instructs his followers to kill their enemies and consume their flesh to gain their power. He teaches that the consuming of human flesh has invigorating and even restorative properties, able to restore the youth and health of the consumer. Not welcome in many of the most civilised communities, those who practice this religion do so in secret or form their own societies outside of normal civilisation.
