Percy - A former Whitecloak who had his arm severed by Viruk for overstepping his bounds.
Rodderick: Deceased Whitecloak, recruited by Dane and Viruk and sadly missed.
Rad O'Rick - A Whitecloak, formerly a mercenary working for the Inquisitor sent to capture Viruk. Joined the Whitecloaks under suspicious circumstances.
Barliman Bandwick - Rheas nemisis. Currently living in Orensport and working as an Inquisitor. Jimothy is working on a plan to visit him.
Hadarak Fel - The bane of the rogue trader party, capable of levels of spite that even put madcow to shame
King Cador Harkon - Cousin to the now-deceased independent Duke Harkon. Rules Carellum and the surrounding area. Largely absent from current affairs.
Sir Keenan - A Jacobian knight, companion and rival of the former PC Hectar. Escaped an attack from the Whitecloaks that killed most of his men.
Garry - A young whitecloak was was bludgeoning to death by an ogre brute while trying to rescue his companions from an ogre camp.
Lorris - Clubbed to death and eaten by the ogres Borg, Lorg, and Org
Teft - Whitecloak. stabbed to death by solarian soldiers while assaulting their wayshrine
Palam Rake - The Shire Reve of Talimbrae.
Philipp Farmer - Merchant in Talimbrae.
Joaquin - Whitecloak. Killed 'accidentally' by Andrune when he went all out, just this once, the first time.
Eldran - A high ranking inquisitor of the Jacobian Solarians.
Dirk Steadfast the 2nd - a beloved member of the whitecloaks who bravely gave his life to acquire for the whitecloaks a new castle home.
Lucian Falkner - A magistrate in Carellum.
Harry - Whitecloak. Killed by orcs.
Bryan - whitecloak. Fell to his death while crossing the mountains.
Lia - teenage girl working as an informant for Jimothy.
Timothy - Jimothy/Rhea's young apprentice. A semi-competent thief though lacks direction and experience.
Kendrick - A prophet of Jacobius, slain by the whitecloaks.
Percy Bran Morr - a priest of Morgaeth who followed the party back to the castle after they helped him clear a graveyard of some undead. Stuck around since nobody told him to leave.
Reynard - an alchemist who applied to join the whitecloaks and now works in the castle.
Whitecloaks - Barry, Boris, Brad, Bred, Byman, Chad, Crad, Cred, Dred, Dyman, Frad, Fred, Harald, Heft, Hogan, Larry, Leon, Logan, Lyman, Myron, Norris, Rad O'Rick, Rian, Rogan, Shellon, Wyron, Zavier
Borkan - A barbarian chief killed by Sigrune in an honourable duel and raised as an Einherjar, the only trustworthy party member
Lord Bhelen - Current Dwarf Ruler of Skystead.
Lommund Dimrock - A dwarf mercenary leader who has fulfilled many contracts for the party.
Groddar Flintstone - The dwarf chad who blocked Viruk's entry to the palace in Skystead.
Frandock Bluntback - Deceased dwarf lord who laid siege to the drow-controlled Skystead. Slain by Jimothy.
Kazrak - The unfortunate Dwarven Guardian who guarded the palace in Skystead during the heist.
Count Galdan - Nominal Liege Lord of the Whitecloaks, initially granted Castle Kragan to Viruk, reclassified the holding as a possession of the holy order of the Whitecloaks after a considerable bribe from Andrune.
Grimgi Giantfeller - Legendary dwarven hero and original owner of Sigrune's magic axe. It is said he once faced a giant in battle, single-handed. When his axe could not cut through the giant’s heavily armoured legs, he hurled the axe upwards, and impaled him through the eye with it, solidifying his reputation as the greatest dwarf hero of the decade.
Inquisitor Fathis - The inquisitor of Ordex who tried to legally detain or execute Viruk under the codes of Ordex. Escaped Viruk's custody after losing the battle and is assumed to still be on a quest for justice.
